#steps to prepare a working windows snapshot

= Introduction =

In this section I will tell you how to configure a working snapshot for analyzing the malware samples.


= Instructions =

A woking snapshot requires:

  * That you have already have a windows xp3 virtual box imagen running with:
    * Networking enabled
    * Internet connectivity
    * The sinjector required files copied at "C:\sinjector":
      * sinjector.exe
      * dlltoinject.dll
      * injector.ini
      * server.pyw
    * All this steps were covered in the section [virtual_config Virtual guest operating system configuration] and *should be done only one time*

If the previous requirement was completed, you are almost ready to take the snapshot.

Now, you should launch the python server application called "*server.pyw*" located at "C:\sinjector", double clicking on it. If you've installed python 2.7 and the application runs fine, open the "task manager" and verify that there's a "python.exe" process running on the guest system.

Ok, now all it's ready to take the snapshot. Go to the "VirtualBox VM" menu > "Machine" > and click on "Take Snapshot...".

VirtualBox will prompt you for a "Snapshot Name", at this moment, mine is "*vbox_ao*"; remember it or check it when needed in the snapshots section for this operating system in VirtualBox.

Also, you will need to write, check, or remember the name of the virtual machine you are running, mine is "*windows xp sp3*"; you can read this value in the title of your running VM or in the main window of VirtualBox.

At this moment, you should have :

  # a "*windows xp sp3*" 
  # with an snapshot called "*vbox_ao*"
  # in "*saved*" state
  # with the process "server.pyw" launched
  # the sinjector files in "C:\temp"
  # internet connectivity, IP address properly configured, etc. 

Ready for submitting and analyzing malware samples :)